<div id="rendered" class="markdown-body bg-white p-4 rounded-lg"><h1>Java Lab Assignments</h1><p>1.) Books Library</p><p>2.) Car rental management system</p><h2>Description</h2><p>Assignment 1:</p><p>1.) List all books written by an author using following criteria:</p><p>•	alphabetical asc/desc</p><p>•	publication date asc/desc</p><p>•	rating asc/desc</p><p>2.) Find the author when book name is provided.</p><p>3.) Find books written by the author.</p><p>4.) Find the year of publication when a book name is provided.</p><p>5.) Find the most prolific author.</p><p>Assignment 2:</p><p>The features that must be available in the application are:</p><ol><li>Addition of a new rental of a vehicle by a customer, with which the rental start and end dates, customer data and a reference to the rented vehicle are recorded;</li><li>Return of the vehicle to the car rental;</li><li>Display of the list of all vehicles belonging to the car rental fleet.</li><li>View the list of all vehicles available for rental in a specified period of time.</li><li>Adding a new vehicle to the car rental fleet.</li><li>Cancellation of a vehicle from the car rental fleet.</li><li>Importing vehicles from a CSV file, with which it is possible to add new vehicles to the car rental fleet.</li><li>Export of all car rental vehicles in a CSV file.</li></ol><h2>Installation and development</h2><p>All programs are developed in Intellij Idea using maven automation tool. For testing Junit5 is used. Development is done using Java language.</p><h2>Importing and Running the project through Intellij</h2><pre style="display: block; overflow-x: auto; background: rgb(43, 43, 43); color: rgb(248, 248, 242); padding: 0.5em;"><code class="language-text" style="white-space: pre;"><span>Step 1: Click File &gt; Import.
</span>Step 2: In the Import wizard:
a.	Click Git &gt; Projects from Git and then click Next.
b.	Click Clone URI and click Next.
c.	In the Source Git Repository window, in the URI field, enter an existing Git repository URL, either local or remote and click Next.
d.	In the Branch Selection window, click all the branches that you want to clone from the remote repository and click Next.
e.	In the Local Destination window, ensure that the directory that you want to set as the local storage location for the repository is selected in the Directory field. Or, click Browse to select the location.
f.	The Cloning from &lt;GitHub_repository&gt; window shows the progress of the cloning process.
g.	In the Select a wizard to use for importing projects window, Import as general project is selected by default. Click Next.
h.	In the Import Projects window, ensure that the Directory field shows the path to the directory where you want to import the projects and click Finish. Result: The imported project is listed in the Project Explorer view. The cloned repository of the remote Git repository is now located in the local file system.

</code></pre><h2>License</h2><p>Connect me at:</p><p>http://linkedin.com/in/krutika-shukla-2102a1189</p></div>
